[master < add-mage-1.5-changelog] Add mage 1.5 changelog (#644)
memgraph/docs: mage/changelog.md

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

## v1.5 - Dec 20, 2022

### Major Features and Improvements

> - Added support for ancestors, descendants, topological sort, connecting nodes, and chaining nodes.

Reviewer: now you can do this this this and this how?

Author: Fixed

  [#180](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/180)

> - Aligned C++ API with Memgraph 2.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- C++ API is now aligned with Memgraph 2.5
```

  [#184](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/184)

> - Made Graph Coloring output vertices and integers instead of strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Graph Coloring no longer outputs strings but vertices and integers.
```
Why is this important? what can i do with vertices and integers i couldn't do with strings?

Author: You can use them further in Lab and so on.

  [#177](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/177)

### Bug Fixes
- Enable module reset to be able to train and evaluate without shutting down database, enable working with class labels which don't start from 0, and fix potential early stopping due to low limit in the Node classification module.

>   [#173](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/173)

Reviewer: By DOING THIS you can now train and evaluate WHAT without shutting down the database
Class labels can now start from 0
Low limit of WHAT no longer prematurely stops WHAT while running the Node classification module

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

## v1.5 - Dec 20, 2022

### Major Features and Improvements

> - Now you can find ancestors (all nodes from which exists path) and descendants (all nodes to which exists path) from a certain node, sort directed acyclic graph in a way where node which appears before others is first, and so on, return a subgraph from nodes using `connect_nodes` method, and create relationships between nodes in a list using `chain_nodes`.
>   [#180](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/180)
> - C++ API is now aligned with Memgraph 2.5
>   [#184](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/184)
> - Graph Coloring no longer outputs strings but vertices and integers. Now you can use result of graph coloring directly in Memgraph Lab for example.
>   [#177](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/177)
> 
> ### Bug Fixes
> - By enabling module reset you can now train and evaluate model without shutting down the database.
>   Class labels can now start from 0 or negative numbers.
>   Low limit of early stopping flag no longer prematurely stops training of model while running the Node classification module.
>   [#173](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/173)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now you can find ancestors (all the nodes from which a path exists ) and descendants (all nodes to which a path exists) starting from a certain node, sort directed acyclic graph in a way that a node which appears before others is first, return a subgraph from nodes using `connect_nodes` method, and create relationships between nodes in a list using the `chain_nodes` method.
  [#180](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/180)
- C++ API is now aligned with Memgraph 2.5
  [#184](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/184)
- Graph Coloring no longer outputs strings but vertices and integers. This allows you to use the result of graph coloring directly in Memgraph Lab.
  [#177](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/177)

### Bug Fixes
- By enabling module reset, you can now train and evaluate the model without shutting down the database.
  Class labels can now start from 0 or negative numbers.
  The low limit of the early stopping flag no longer prematurely stops the training of the model while running the Node classification module.
  [#173](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/pull/173)
```
